veb: support markdown content negociation (#25782)
vlang/v: vlib/veb/README.md

  to disable auto-compression completely. For optimal performance on read-only systems,
  pre-compress all files with `gzip -k`.

### Markdown content negotiation

> veb provides automatic content negotiation for markdown files, allowing you to serve

Reviewer: ```suggestion
veb can provide automatic content negotiation for markdown files, allowing you to serve
```
